Please check the attached file , the map of ~ office .
immediately following a meal
Ican change my physical ability 100 times powerful , just for 5 minutes
Listen to my new Cloudcast on Mixcloud at http://t.co/wlOZ2Npg check it out now !
The toy cannot be bought for the child and it curses it .
I'm going to work .
your hair grows faster in the morning than at any other time of day .
When is your birthday ?
Good morning ! Have a nice day !
The person I love the most in the world woke me up today . I feel really happy . „Äê http://t . ...
I hope you have a happy new year
One female protester is killed in Suez city near #Cairo : reports
Don't attack one by emailing all .
Our flowers and plants will give me energy .
I woke up to a mail saying my mom's in the hospital . Why am I on the other side of the ocean ! ?
„Äê I cut my bangs too short . „Äë
From the New World
Hepatitis D has only been found in people who are already infected with hepatitis B virus
Plz don't forget me if I'm offline for almost all time ...
It's still up in the air .
Winston Churchill was born with a third nipple ,
The Beauties without expression
we agreed
Examinees are expected to hand in all materials before leaving the room .
I wonder what will I cook for dinner
wrote with a fountain pan for the first time in 2 years . black ink all over my hand !
It must get designated as a national important cultural property .
Sunspot numbers start to rise again
Have a dream or not , those that are enjoying life are the strongest ! !
My favorite love story .
here you can see what data Google have on you .
college student
I wonder how many years I stay with the company until the retirement age .
I'm kind of sleepy .
I'm going to take part in Sagamihara Hayabusa relay marathon . Goto's t
Karzai to Taliban : talk peace and I'll protect you from Pakistan spi
He is the strongest of the three .
Next Kindle to include built-in book smell potpourri burner
Love is a flower , you got to let it , you got to let it grow
How do you make a plan in order to earn 100 million yen ?
have good day , i always feeling .
I started to sell the " DJ Mixer " at MarketPlace
We take in the Oshiuri .
I love you
Having a bowl of cereal for the first time in years . Honey Bunches of Oats , pretty good stuff
Why is this teacher has a Korean water bottle
Good night Chris ! Sleep well . I hope your good dream .
Alcohol could intensify the effects of some drugs in the body :
Short Boots
I wasn't happy with the course so tried to change it but was too late , so gap year was the only option !
The next station is Sakuragawa .
Delay is not caused by an engineer's shortage of skill . A server selection mistake is the cause .
„Äå What did you think of today's lesson ? „Äç
Dropbox is giving away free space to all univ students !
Make more time for me .
I'll see a really famous composer from Scandinavia today .
Growth as a person
Oh , the white dog ? I got it for free when I switched cell phones .
Militants attack oil pipeline in #Algeria , two dead
it's good to have " home " .
Happy Birthday ! !
What are you doing for New Year's Eve ? ?
Are you fine ?
MC Ôºö Did he eat any shanghai food ? YC : I ate chicken leg.very good ! !
I know it ‚Äô s fine And all these good lies As if woken from my sleep I know it ‚Äô s fine
It doesn't matter who owes who from the instant They enter into a war , both sides are evil .
He said I was his archenemy . How did we arrive at a situation like this ?
I love to see a charming boy like you suffering ÔºÅ
Jealousy is the destroyer of love .
Who was it that broke te window yesterday ?
Japan's Abe prepares to print money for the world
Whispering during an exam borders on cheating .
I wish the whole world becomes peaceful and , for the people who lost life in many war , pray silently .
An astronaut in the building ! ! He just waved me good-bye , so I waved him back . Lol
he went to the barber to cut his hair .
waiting for you super junior yesung
„Äé Today's Bible story „Äè
Morning ~ „Éæ ( * ¬¥ ‚ñΩ ÔΩÄ * ) „Éé We woke up early to watch @yukaponchuu ' s namahousou ~
The bus leaves every hour on the hour .
Happy Bday ! !
Abstract painting on the wall
I must go to Thailand again ! ! !
The Japanese government is not the government of Japan .
The great Ian Curtis died 32 years ago today .
I move by Shinkansen !
Have a seat .
Maybe what you are laughing at Is making you so feeble
I will do my best for tomorrow .
Ma Dai : I'd be lying if I said it didn't bother me at all ... but it doesn't bother me .
Are we in a relationship now ?
a preview event for " Himitsu-no-Akko-chan "
- Dance of many -
various methods of spatial division
If the earth ended tomorrow , what would you do ?
Wishing you a lots of happiness !
a girl kissed Jaejoong in our traditional tu ...
be aware of
Ah , I forgot . Late , but Happy Birthday Azusa .
Please rest as much as possible ok ? „Ö†„Ö† Sweet dreams , beautiful
‚Äú It's best for us to be apart for a while , darling , ‚Äù he said .
RT @IntriguingFacts 95 % of the creatures on earth are smaller than a chicken egg .
Put a value on nature !
Do you have a problem in your life ?
To drink , or not to drink . That is the problem .
Go see the doctor
A pizza party ! Tomorrow is the Wecker œá last day of a public performance .
Welcome home back . Takashi , you may eat a Stevie wonder in a refrigerator .
Grenade-throwing is an official sporting event in the People's Republic ...
anyone wanna hang out in harajuku tonight ?
Norin , Who feels good
a magical girl
I'm studying social roles of amateur radio from interdisciplinal viewpoint such as social science .
This train is bound for Makomanai .
How long futon keep warm test
I think about ancestors of plants . Plants may have derived from ...
Watching TV , I had this ‚Äú instant ‚Äù recall of the memory of my friend during my student days .
My first time ever to roast a turkey !
all songs produced by me ! ! 4.11 go get it ! ! !
I want a hamburger husband . With extra pickles .
Competing in the national sake tasting contest today .
We are here to work and not to play
Solving the questions
Over 12 hours have passed since I entered a ...
Our potato boy , picking a potato from our pantry and biting , exploring with it ...
The battery on my cell phone doesn't hold a charge for very long .
It is the last day of November today .
At the end of the game , The king and the pawn go back in the same box .
This photo was taken by a six years old .
I came across an article about my favorite novel and tore it out .
Thunder storm alart in TOKYO ! We pray for a sunny day ‚òÄ
The World's Biggest Skidome
„Äå Could you make contract for you'll be witch Ôºü „Äç
This months Anko-kai is on the 20th Monday ! I'll be the shop girl for Masumi Store ‚ô•
Homemade roast beef
„Äå What are you doing with a on Welsh onion your head ? „Äç „Äé I'm going for a job interview today . „Äè
How hard he studies !
25 million tons of tsunami debris floating toward US shores http://t.co/E4rZSLob
Please read this open letter :
Korea soccer player should be barred from podium-IOC
This product is guaranteed for one year ( against damage / breakdown / mechanical failure ) .
The Tokugawa Shogunate tried to defeat Choshu , but it failed .
are you ok now ? ?
One must not lose desires . They are mighty stimulants to creativeness , to love , and to long life .
half killed
„Äê My life seems to be stuck in a rut these days . „Äë
Your head skin is open design .
Studying for 8hrs at a language school ! ! this is not the way to enjoy my summer vacation , mum :(
Thanksgiving day
The steamer can accommodate 3,000 passengers .
I hope this translates to thank you and please post more pics with english words .
I just came back home .
Our new meeting room has a new special feature
I forgot a password all the time . At last i come back to Twitter ! !
( I think I'm looking forward to " PS4 " after 5 hours will be announced ! ! ! )
what are they ?
One of our very popular designer Arnold Zimberg Men's shirt !
„Äå The truth is always one „Äç
Mubarak moved to infamous #Toraprison eventhough he will still be in the hospital there #MubarakTrial
Very cute ! !
I've finished today's work .
This is the same car as I bought last year .
You are the extreme intelligence , beauty , and func
Instead of her protecting me , I wanna be strong enough to protect her !
What time did you get up this morning ?
I love kusametal the best in metal .
It was love at first sight .
Feeling a loneliness is a evidence that you have a many precious one ..
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor .
Hard muscle pain cause busy dinner . I run last night .
Fuji TV Live in Harajuku and SPUR Magazine interview .
I'm good at pulling all-nighters before a test .
It seems as if nobody else knew except me .
ROM
couldn't meet friends today ... but smiling
nuclear power plant fails Brussels ' safety stress tests
Ôºà lamb Ôºâ
Yuchun's growth process ! !
Good morning ÔºÅ Today , I'm going to visit my child's school . And I have to hear about entering a school .
Google Doodle How To | Moog Music Inc
I'm going to west side of Japan .
I'll do it when I want to do it . I never do what I don't want to do . That's who I am .
Indonesia has a history with Japan on World War 2
To be honest , my current job isn't fun and not worth doing either .
How about having dinner together tonight ?
American family are looking for English speaker Au Pair . From ...
seeing frozen mist for the first time , it's different from Hokkaido
There is a possibility that homeless people were left to starve .
First OD show of the year ! ! Osaka
Should 1 million people die before the world decided that
G'morning !
New Track .
animals are our most loyal companions , and deserve to be treated with the same loyality
My hands are full .
a lump of sugar
He's fairly radical in his opinions .
snowing snowing snowing
Today is my birthday so I just sign up for Tweeter :)
And I , I will become the god of this new world .
Got a few leaflets and stuff.There ' s actually so many options ,
I will get this work done quickly so that I can go out and have some fun !
when u teach others u r teaching also yrself , to teach a ...
Is there anyone who considers from the beginning himself to be weak .
has now officially gone on hiatus . We will always be waiting for you to comeback ..
Just arrived Bruno's Banner from Niigata , Japan ! !
I didn't notice about it
All of the Earths continents are wider at the north
The rules of my life are up to me .
We're loving Sam Stosur's tightrope photos on Facebook .
nagisa music festival osaka 2012 spring
I am Japanese .
be desirous of
The stupid gym-rat who can't think for himself .
Satellite spies cruise ship tragedy from space
Yunho wants to have 20 daughters and 5 sons .
new balance
during
Oh ! You scared me ! Oh ! An ordinary ghost .
Serbia joins EU-imposed sanctions against Belarus
I have been to theater in order to watch a movie of pre-cure .
How long have you studied Japanese ?
You can overcome if there is a failure ! by Doraemon ...
jQuery Org Chart ? a plugin for visualising data in a tree-like str ...
swimming , dinner and papers . they should know that I am busy .
I'm not a son of a tofu seller .
new weapon
Word crushed on my Mac . what should I do ? ?
You haven't changed at all .
thanks thanks thanks !
Don't take these pills on an empty stomach .
The woman's brain has been starved for oxygen for hours .
nagisa music festival osaka 2012 spring info 3
Who is that lady eating bath tissue over there ? She is the daughter of the CEO .
I have had a good sleep .
New Year Illustration
sing and play the Beatles
Lammtarra was tired and slept for a couple days .
What do you do on weekends ?
But if they criticized others for not acting like them , its harmful and unsympathising . So as radiophobia
Back to the hospital for a bit before heading out for more meetings with Sato Dai-san .
The night is darkest just before the dawn . And I promise you , the dawn is coming .
NorthKorea's nuclear facilities
I'm getting sleepy .
Anyway , It was not so bad for me because a nurse taking care of me was pretty cute :)
school
I'm sorry .
It says that 30 percent of the dead person were rescued if moved in for 70 hours .
Venezuela's FM affirms that the death of President Ch√°vez will be officially announced soon
London olympic will start soon .
About 1 in 2000 people who get a CT
I have money , So I will buy three ships . But I want you to reduce the price per ship .
on my way home ‚ô™ bought Honda Tetsuya's ' Symmetry ' today X3 brb reading
view from tokyo - #skytree
If roles were reversed ...
„Äê They say sleeping on the job helps increase productivity . „Äë
Ôº∑hite snow has come !
He was playing the guitar while he was driving !
How to make Shio-koji
nature power
please tell me this flower name .
CNN takes over the Empire State Building for election night results ht ...
I think a ! m Tough even if iam cuz a ! m in the tokyo line nevertheless i falin asleep at 4 . a . m ...
The princess of the devil
Every man who loves a woman has the superstition that she is cutest in the world .
I'm off to work ! ! !
Buses run from the station to the castle every ten minutes .
American teacher in Japan under fire for lessons on Japan ‚Äô s history of discrimination ...
Have a nice weekend !
All at once the bride burst into laughter .
just seven days left for my 34th birthday . Amazing !
„Äå please buy corn at seven eleven „Äç
I could hear the sound of pipe organ as I passed by the http://t.co/kR9pYydS
My mother sent my Christmas presents to Japan by boat .
I have bad diarrhea these days . Maybe I should go see a doctor .
Lost the UTMF 100 mile lottery , more recovery time from Hagi-o-kan 250km .
AWABI .
My party will take place at JB's in Nagoya tomorrow !
honestly , I wanna join them .
Smoke Gets in Your Eyes .
How to take off of the world's luxury clothes
„Çè„Åè ÔºÅ Tomorrow will be the first day of the TONE tour . getting really e
The effect of those pills is intense but brief
station
We've set your language preference to Japanese . You can u ...
„Äé Lana Swans accessory exhibition „Äå HAKUTYOUZA „Äç „Äè
How are you ? ?
I was tired very much today ...
We're recruiting 6 more volunteers for the Arisu no Mori on Wednesday , Novemeber 28th !
Final rehearsals for tomorrow's Premium Live event !
The testimony of the interpreter
desk
So excited ! ! <3 can't wait hear you !
Summer vacation is over in today , and fall vacation will be started tomorrow .
The number of golfers in Japan is said to be around 10 million .
96 more days till SUNGMIN'S BIRTHDAY
It's raining cats & dogs in Nago
" ÈÅ†„ÅÑ„Å®„Åì„Çç„Åæ„Åß„ÅÇ„Çä„Åå„Å®„ÅÜ„Åî„Åñ„ÅÑ„Åæ„Åô " „ÅÆÊ∞óÊåÅ„Å°„ÇíËæº„ÇÅ„Å¶ „ÄÇ „ÅîÂà∞ÁùÄ„ÅÆ„ÅäÂÆ¢„Åï„Åæ„Å∏„ÅØ„Åî‰∏ÄÊúç„Å®Â≠£ÁØÄ„ÅÆÊâã‰Ωú„ÇäÂíåËèìÂ≠ê„Åß„ÅäÂá∫Ëøé„Åà„ÅÑ„Åü„Åó„Åæ„Åô „ÄÇ
Yeye with Red hair
the cat blunders with plastic bag
Suddenly the room was filled with intense light .
Kidani said NJPW will be 10 times as large as its sales
Ninja soup
baby you're beautiful and you're mine
Whoa , if we keep chatting , despite actually arriving early , we'll end up late !
appear in this movie a little ! released on 29th Ma ...
Love at first sight to strawberry
Please stay for ( to ) dinner .
Never give up ! !
Happy Birthday
You were all brash , shameless and awkward .
children of the tsunami
Are you there ?
The invention of Walkman is a concrete example of Sony's greatness .
room got dark
If we're all here , let's get started
Oh , how about this shirt ? It's twenty percent off .
Norihiro Kawakami will join the team tomorrow !
I went to the library yesterday .
And i love five families also
‚òÜ " Do not give up the dream " Takako Okamoto ‚òÜ
Sitting in a chair all day is bad for you
Can't wait ! ! Sunday's church ! !
How the hell should I know !
Goodmorning , xoxo . I'll take a shower , then go to shoot
I like this picture !
happy birthday
in my opinion
Ôºà Because it is there . Ôºâ
what where u hopin at midnight ?
New GACKT blog ' Is everyone ok ? Blomaga 15 extract "
It's expensive ( cheap ) at that price .
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity . " John D . Rockefeller
10 of the most impressive and inspiring libraries around the world "
my English is strange !
Hi Yamada ! I haven't seen you for a long time ! Have you been fine ?
Give up ? Sorry , but ... That was never my intention .
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to ‚Ä¶
jinwoon please come
She has a strong sense of justice . Her special ability is „Äé eating Megua „Äè .
I pulled out my phone out of my pocket and then played Oogiri PHP while waiting for the last train .
573 deaths ' related to nuclear crisis ' " ( Daily Yomiuri Online )
Shirose ! Don't eat stranger's entrance ! ! !
Spring has come !
Korean said „Äå All Japanese be killed in an earthquake . „Äç
Omrise was originally made in Japan . It has ketchup-fried rice in it .
Any phone calls for me while I was out ?
Wake up now . The weather is bad today .
I treat you to a lunch . It's on me . This is my treat .
Further economic growth is expected in Algeria
It's good weather today . But I have dance lesson everyday .
Your idea sounds marvelous in theory , yet I don't think it will work in practice .
New 17 - million-digit monster is largest known prime
Dream as if you will live forever And live as if you'll die today
I'm watching ‚Äù Space_brother ‚Äù . I'll make efforts for working in Jaxa .
a transparency for use with an overhead projector
Rich Dad
Dream as if you'll live forever.Live as if you'll die today
Let's play with UNI !
Anime is border less !
Happy Birthday , Shin !
He had no choice but to agree .
Over the daffodils , branches of willow are weeping .
I have got two superb events today . Please have a few nice CHRISTMAS days .
: 90 % of bird species are monogamous ; only 3 % of animals are .
Yasuko ! ! ! Why can't you understand it ! ! ! That's a not goumi ! ! ! It's a toy poodle ! ! !
painful hands and feet with inflammation of the fingers due to dactylitis
Good morning ~ ~ what are you doing ~ ?
Do you have any idea what time it is , calling me at this time ?
I can't believe you missed it .
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves .
Thank you for kind friendship from the world .
im ok ! got better after taking a nap
" Hm , bugs . Not all their cracked up to be . "
‚Äú Love will find a way . Ôºà Proverb Ôºâ ‚Äù ‚Äú It's December love . ‚Äù
You can do it ! !
This is my file !
Please view the very first drawing for the exchange diary in black & w
Just sent out Invitation for my shows both London and Tokyo . Let me know if u haven't got info yet ne .
Do you have a menu in Japanese or English ?
The waiting room of the hospital was chilly and crowded .
Strange how a good dinner reconciles everybody .
„Äê Life is short , so I don't want to waste time doing things I don't want to do . „Äë
Can I pay by ( this ) credit card ? / Do you accept ( this ) credit card ?
Our last show of this year was over . Thanks to all who supported us ! ! Can't wait next show already :P
200 million people in China live on less than $ 1 a day .
Lots of girls at bunkyodo in shibuya.Maybe a famous person is there
Darling , darling I'll see you soon.In the night ... In the loneliest night .
You can't go today either ? What about tomorrow ?
Whitehall subway station
you are under arrest
The time when he leads the future of photograph is probably not far-off , no doubt about it .
Happy Birthday to my sister !
I love TURKEY ! TURKEY fan's is so active n cut
Respect the god of the nature and form the relationship
Smile smile love always !
Good morning . It's 47.48 degrees Fahrenheit , remaining drizzle on Rokko mountain foot , Kobe Japan .
Recently my night and day are reversed . I was really lazy during the summer vacation .
The average age of CH - 46E helicopters used in the #Marine Corps is 42 .
Ôºà I'm just an ordinary boring kid Ôºâ
He is nothing more than a dreamer .
„Äå as one might say ÔΩû „Äç
I must study English still tomorrow's morning , but ... I will give up
be cognizant of
I'm home . I had fun today !
; - I was featured on
MC taught Yuchun " I like you " in Cantonese , Yuchun shyly said " Â•Ω‰∏≠ÊÑè‰Ω† "
Snoring like a human . A shutter tone made her half awake .
okay , ready for tomorrow . might as well try and do a little drawing ?
Korean said „Äå All Japanese be killed in an earthquake . „Äç
After tyhoon , the air is clean n weather is pretty fine . It's a nice beginning of the 2nd half of FY2012 .
airport
all hair style
Yuzu-Soft will go offline for the next 26 hours as we prepare to announce the new game .
Love is an art , but not everyone is an artist .
; > - - ... The only thing visible here in the dark are the tracers , engine flame
How are you ? i'm studying japanese .
May be fall in love
I left my mobile phone in my house today
I just can't get enough of that chocolate !
the house of the rising sun chiaki naomi
" Japan's children of the tsunami "
" The blood of the forest is beholden to no one . "
very hot curry
- Dance of many -
Which language do you understand more , Japanese or English ?
It's been taken care of .
I have different opinion .
I just finished shopping in Akihabara . I bought it for live in tomorrow . I am goin ...
We believe that we can laugh together with you once again
Neuroscience
Not increase the number of subscribers !
Be the best you can be ÔºÅ
Wise saying :( When asked whether it is not a lot of orders
PARIS COLLECTIONS spring / summer 2013 Rick Owens
„Äå I love you „Äç
There are so many defects in our educational system .
good morning ! !
Suu Kyi's life brought to cinema
tweet me what name you're signed up
Show me your passport , please .
US set to become biggest oil producer
I can't Sleep ! ! so I m watching UEFA EURO ÔºíÔºêÔºëÔºí .
‰ø∫ „ÄÅ Áü≠Á∑®Â∞èË™¨Ë™≠„ÇÄ„ÅÆ„Ç≠„ÉÑ„ÅÑ„Çè„Éº „ÄÇ „ÅÇ„ÅÑ„Å§„ÇâÈÅ†Âõû„Åó„Å™Ë°®Áèæ„Åó„Åô„Åé„ÇÑ„Å≠„Çì ÔºÅ ÔºÅ
Turkey is a friendly country
After taking a bath , why don't we have a beer ?
The number of foreign visitors increased last year .
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space .
Christopher Cross's live will be held in Osaka and Tokyo .
Let's go hospital ÔºÅ
Beware of the young doctor and the old barber .
the tactics in scandals called exposure
Hitler reacts to SOPA .
New baby have been born at 13:23 today . His name is Kanade mea
Good morning
What kind of feelings ?
I'm going to CAD after CWC .
Do you give presents for only good children ?
Good morning everyone Ôºº m Ôºè
Ì†Ω Ì±â Private school education no advantage at university , say educators
The 1st son looked at his watch and thought , " It's 1:30 . Gotta hurry , " and stood up .
I'll get an international driver license .
When it comes to love , I'm so passive .
Short McDonald's breakfast ; script check before heading in
Excuse me . Doesn't today's president wear four wigs ?
He is frugal , to say the least of it .
I don't like this kind diploma
Snow covered Mt.Fuji in the dawn pink sky
Happy feeling is communicated to others through smiling .
The cat which fits into the box by half .
Belgian beer that I learned from Ms . Hairdresser .
Good morning . It's Tuesday .
Making Art need money indeed .
We're recruiting six more volunteers for the MDP project on Saturday , October 13 .
What can you now . Don't give up the dream . What can ...
The answer that fell from the sky was an hourglass
A : Can you see that traffic sign ? B : Yes , I can .
Diaoyu Islands does not exist . There is the Senkaku Islands in Japan .
( death is but a question of style , a mere literary device , a musical resolution )
Picked up some fresh snapper for today !
I was outside for 2 hours in the snow by part time job . I feel pain in the foot because SO cooooold
I'm looking forward to season 8 !
Algal genomes reveal evolutionary mosaicism and the fate of nucleom
Apple products made with child labor
I made natural yeast bread today too ! Little burned ... ? ?
Why can the snake move forward ?
It's up side down .
I covered SNSD MR . TAXI ! Please listen and let me know what you think
When I eat while I listen to music , I chew to the beat .
It's getting colder .
one more time Meaning to the words while playing
Enemies are dominators . Not ordinary people of other countries .
Thank you for yor correcting ! I'm sometimes confused by preposition !
" non-refundable insurance "
Assassin of the mushroom mountain
You can predict that a team is the champion ?
pink hair ?
It's been a while since the last time I visited my twitter .
The best thing to do now is to run away .
Japan has taken a sharp turn to the right .
new world
Do you feel like eating out tonight ?
l love u !
Having strong willingness to get happiness , we can be happy .
Please stop him .
I think you made a mistake with the price .
Ê∑∑Èõë „Éª „Éª „Éª „ÄÇ The train was de
All I want is this .
Went drinking with @atroquininium @menruiou & c , fell asleep in my clothes last n
drinking kava at fire service . Lean to fire car , good for cool my body .
Just changed profile pic and background pic
Ôºà May you have a good day ! )
Based on a photo of a friend , I tried to ...
It's very nice of you to say so . I really like that part of you .
Kimono given by my mother . Photo-shooting outside was cold ! ;-)
The local train bound for Shinjuku .
I had Se * * * s and the cold medicines but have had a headache .
There is work of translation . a cooperator seeks !
erratic blood pressure
Have you ever thought what I am to you ?
His hair is so big it doesn't even fit in the photo of his license .
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes . Some lions mate over 50 times a day .
Where are you from ?
do you mean ?
How to standing on egg
Lets get together again
Always keep your belongings in sight .
Once a word has been allowed to escape , it cannot be recalled .
A : What's your dream for the future ? B : I want to be an astronaut and work for NASA .
It's Christmas Eve today ! That means tomorrow is Christmas ! I'm ready to roll !
Obelisk the Tormentor
What constitutes the universe
I flew to the limit . Good night everyone . See you tomorrow ?
I'm standing on the lake
Today's work clothes .
„Äê Shall I turn you into a wax figure ? Hahahaha ! „Äë
The Entity cannot directly communicate with organic life forms .
Shall I take these away for you ?
Apple manufacturing plant workers complain of long hours , militant culture .
You're faster than this . Don't think you are . You kno ...
Ôºà I have a contract for next season ... Ôºâ
We did an analysis of the problem and proposed solutions to it .
She waited on her grandmother hand and foot .
Almost all Japanese people dislike SSCS & its supporters now .
Political language ... is designed to make lies sound tru #NeverForget
Having strong willingness to get happiness , we can be happy .
Have a great day people ~ let's have fun at Budokan tonight !
I'm finishing up this article today !
Why don't you do your best ?
Once in a while it's nice to sleep in on my day off .
How can I get there ?
I'm 30 years old , but my mental age is still 17 .
good night ‚ô° ‚ô° ‚ô° kevitan
the tree and the sky
Hello 9 1 1 ? There s an old man beating a child on my tv
Good morning !
‰∏ÄÂ§úÈôê„Çä„ÅÆÊÅã„Å†„Å£„Åü „ÄÇ „Åß„ÇÇ„Åù„Çå„ÅåÂÖ®„Å¶Â£ä„Åó„Å¶„Åó„Åæ„Å£„Åü „ÄÇ
The team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals .
I'm gonna go to my grand father's grave ... all of my relatives gather ... ha ...
I would like to say that your proposal is very attractive , and we gladly accept .
She felt very strongly that I should be adopted
' A Prayer for Owen Meany ' released as an e-book
Pre-sale and discount ! ? There is no reason not to buy !
I'm just too sleepy to hold on .
monday to saturday
People who have been blind from birth have dreams that are formed from their other senses
„Äê I was a couch potato all day today . „Äë
„Äé Pixiv the Lost Colors „Äè
Thanks for visiting our fan blog !
„Äê Prices have declined to record lows . „Äë
Today at 7pm
Looking forward to it very much !
What do you mean English study ? I am japanese ! !
Get up close and personal with the world's oldest football
Enjoyed the sunset walking
„Äå serious muscular painful „Äç
What is this medicine good for ?
But then I took an arrow in the knee
" Can I copy your homework ? " " Yeah but I don't know if its right ... " " I don't care . " ‚Äù
The two companies are engaging in a price war .
Feeling a loneliness is a evidence that you have a many precious one ..
What do you mean ?
the three colors pastel , draw the series Hik
Sleepy sound of beach waves
I'm going now !
Sting of the jellyfish
It was rain hard today .
That transfer student , you know the new girl in our class ? Is she the same as you ? A magical girl ?
Won my 1st round 6-1 , 6-1 in Kuala rumpur !
There was a sudden fall in temperature
YC said he can meet everyone with FM , he don't think it's a job , ...
The deep sea fish in the well knows nothing of the great ocean .
This time next week , we will be on our way home to Earth ...
Today's game has been cancelled due to expected bad weather .
Her sex change operation succeeded , but two penes come up from her ..
simple frame check
There are two types of people in world , one who do best till end & one who give up half
A : Do you clean your classroom every day ? B : Yes , we do .
Spybike bicycle gps tracker - Demo bicycle theft
K-POP is really popular in Japan now !
Webber with a few choice words about Grosjean . Calls him a " first ...
If you turn the corner , there must be a JK who is eating a piece of bread .
How about becoming a radio amateur ? I support getting licences , setting up stations and operations .
Do you understand ?
I didn't understand why a client suddenly got mad
78 was the end of my run in Treasure Park
I went up the bath.And I don't have time ÔºÅ
pic of adam duet with that contestant
I play the piano .
Girls ' Generation Taeyeon " Missing you like crazy " my singing cover
In Sierra Leone , UN envoy urges greater support for sex ...
head shoulders knees and toessss
Japan does not have an energy crisis . It has a crisis of confidence .
Today I received the baptism from was my first communion .
I finished a rehearsal . I moved a lot.so feeling so good Ôºº ( ^ _ ^ ) Ôºè
If I had a son , he'd look like Trayvon
junsu concert venue today
I am a thousand water drops
Japan must get rid of the regulations that restrict innovation .
It is inevitable to consider implementing power-saving measures suchu as rolling blackouts and restrictions .
I feel disappointed when I read the research that seems to have ulterior political motive .
Coin Kingdom
Harry picked up the newspaper whick was on his desk .
( Why did I fall in love with You ) ~
" And it would seem the end point is ... Earth . "
I will study Japanese harder than now
- Fall in love -
Hear
I downloaded LINE on my phone , anyone uses it ? I'v no idea what to do with it
Saudi cleric says nothing wrong with genders mixing , listening to music
I want him to know how hard earning money is .
FaceBook - 4 days from IPO to class action lawsuit . This has to be a record
Do children really mean what they say ? The forensic ‚Ä¶
Darvish's scoreless debut
„Äå Please do not bring animal sacrifices with you to the maid cafe „Äç
GD has titled his next solo album's concept a ' Melancholy ' "
French tanker hijacked by pirates off Ivory Coast released ; 17 abducted sailors free
Yes , that's American size . Soon , I'll upload the Japanese update .
Tarp Okagawa made a really fantastic film starring me
It's up to you .
A man shot in the head on New Year ‚Äô s Eve survived after sneezing out the bullet .
Thank you for your support .
Sake is a traditional Japanese alcoholic drink made from rice .
It is one year in tomorrow
Many immigrants have difficulty obtaining legal status .
Tom finally realized his dream of becoming an astronaut , but at the expense of many other things .
YC'll do knitting here this afternoon ÔºÅ
There's a fine line between being a husband and being a prisoner
I have a work from now ! Ìú¥ ~ ~
kick someone in the balls
Finished this year's job somehow . Not satisfied with my conclusion but successfully done .
It will be a cultural festival of the Niigata commercial high school tomorrow ! ! It comes wholly ‚ô™
good morning everyone ! I'm on my way to the shooting
Petrol bomb attack - girl treated
Winston Churchill was born with a third nipple ,
It's now or never !
from Romancing Sa „Éª Ga
FedEx founder saved company with $ 5,000 at the Blackjack table
It was decided that an ark was going to be constructed on the Bay of Tokyo .
there was a war that engulfed the virtual world .
I don't like this Ehomaki ! ! :
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older .
UK teen recovers ‚Äú fully ‚Äù after 4 doctor found him ‚Äú brain dead ‚Äù
lists of people dying on the daily
The completion of renewal of a staff blog ÔºÅ
Help yourself to anything on the table .
The death of trust
Yasuhiro Ishimoto " Chicago , Chicago " at PGI is worth the trip ,
Ah , it's late already . Good night everyone . See you tomorrow .
‚Äú Android developers can now reply to Play Store reviews ‚Äù
really love this photo
Orphaned baby gorillas rescued in Congo ‚Äì in pictures
Jailbreaking now legal under DMCA for smartphones , but not tablets
„Äê Sorry to say this , but your bangs look weird . „Äë
I like a tough man better ...
Want to say that kanji in Japanese are difficult and it was a disaster for me .
Atrocious ogres have some good points.Their eyelashes is long .
„Äå I wonder if it'll be warm tomorrow „Äç
There's nothing like ' Busy ' , it's all about ' Priorities ' .
I would like to rent a car for three days
You invited the three students to the party .
If you love with a love , that is more than love .
Boeing 787 ' s dimmable windows not dark enough
under the same sky
Can ' t believe it's going to snow around midnight in Tokyo ! ! I gotta have a hot shot for keeping me warm ! !
I can't believe this sub is still that powerful even after it's surfaced .
answer all questions
It's beautiful blue .
if we're all going to die , we should die together
ÁßÅÂΩºÊ∞è„Å®„ÅÜ„Åæ„Åè„ÅÑ„Åã„Å™„Åã„Å£„Åü„Åã„ÇâÂà•„Çå„Åü„ÅÆ „ÄÇ
Why do we exist ?
my friend's name
" I had three days off in a row ! "
I cannot concentrate on a class at all .
How the use of Scala's features affects compile time
It's already this late ? ! We have to wake up for 5:30 am ! Œ£ ( ¬¥ ‚àÄ ÔΩÄ Ôºõ ) Good night ~
You look great in that swallow tailed coat .
You have the right to Google for a lawyer
Super snow in Omiya ! I'm gonna visit John family though .. Will I be ok ?
I guess , you know , after all a rush hour is horrible .
I love only you forever .
Ôºà How dangerous is dangerous enough to stop it ? Ôºâ
i'll go to sales work my art . Poor artist acts positively !
Sleepy day at the Wrigley ...
Kannon on the wall
JYJ's Jaejoong & 2NE1 . Details will be revealed
Finger of the Dragon , in China 5 , in Korea 4 and in Japan 3 .
The only thing i have in my fridge are carrots and apples .
This hi5 & photo session was requested by Jaejoong himself . Jaej
Turkish rescue plane also attacked
„Äê I haven't been getting enough sleep lately . „Äë
Can I get a student discount ?
It's Monday , the beginning of this week . I hope Saturday comes soon ! !
I've start to feel this headache since this afternoon and now it's getting worse
Police confirm 141 dead in tsunami-like flooding
I don't feel up to going to the office today .
" DAY 1 " will b out in Japan this week ! !
Please with me get married ÔºÅ ÔºÅ
Staying up too late is bad for health .
carrying out your words
Everyday's a new beginning ; Cant wait to see the NY after such a long time ! :D
As I've considered , I enjoy studying English , I certainly want to study abroad
Doesn't look like much but the most delicious toast to ever grace the planet earth
All Nippon to resume flights to Myanmar after 12 year hiatus
A : Where is the post office ? B : It's next to that gas station .
My cell phone is almost out of battery .
" I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall ! ! ! - oriented . "
a woman age 35 explains about herself ' im a fairly of friedrice ' , but it doesn't make ...
There's a high chance that I can't go , so don't expect so much .
It snowed from late last night to early this morning .
Emptiness is a symptom that you are not living creatively
Appeal to Kitasato Univ . to stop cruel tests on cats : h ...
He introduced me to his relatives at the reception .
Adam Lambert
Every time you sneeze some of your brain cells die .
push-ups and freestyle swimming
How cyclists and pedestrians can share space on canal towpaths
blog updated : " fireflies first time seen this year "
return type is an incomplete type :
( point of no return )
Everyone says that I have a few loose screws , but I'm actually a genius .
Ôºà our of date Ôºâ
K√∂ln to hold a testimonial match for Nova after 2014 season
GACKT-san is really such a nice person that I feel like crying ! ! !
Live as if you were to die tomorrow . Learn as if you were to live forever .
You look sleepy . What happened ?
<- about to hit 300,000 views . Thank y
How much is the total ?
I saw it what it was . Is it a general election ?
I've never seen a play like that in my life !
Deadly typhoon rips rooftops in Philippines , forces thousands to flee :
going to sleep again ...
Pardon or Forgibe all but thyself
My cat seems to not good .
They say that fools learn from their experiences , while the wise learn from history .
I need you to send this pay on delivery to A .
Case is done in the conference room
Run into the freedom Keep running on the road name of desire
The plum trees in Osaka castle are at their best ! Let's go there ! !
More clearly , its merely one degree of what's freely your humanity
Standard time zones of the world.png
You're saying that now ! ?
Why are you so optimistic ?
I ‚Äô m honored
„Äå I love you „Äç
I'll play Toyama next season again .
a sister school
A : Who plays baseball best in this class ? B : John does .
How many times have we gone out together ?
Hiroko Taniyama " Window " Coming into towns , I can't see that window of a class room anymore
the weight on their shoulders
Indians close to an agreement with Johnny Damon
Interview with MINMI will be on air around 8: 20 on J-Morning KORK 971FM !
Performing at my friend's wedding tomorrow , so going to bed now ~
How to most cheaper a Christmas tree
Mirror mirror on the wall , who is fairest of them all ?
sleep
The next station is Yamate . The doors on the left side will open .
Kitten and chihuahua eating vegetables
She told me about her children and how ( much ) she loved them .
Mike is called Mary by her family .
Because you're so busy these days , I'll cook dinner tonight .
taking a walk in the moonlight
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage , and half shut afterward . Ôºà „Ç∑„Ç≤ Ôºâ
He is a loyal worker .
Live and Love for today . Forget about tomorrow .
Man sues BMW for 20 - month erection after bike ride
Possible future catastrophic JPN nuclear accident
Grapefruit scent will make middle aged women appear six years young ...
can afford A
Attack castle tower
get physical
16th years old , high school student .
Electric tower looks like rocket ? ?
As soon as we get hold of him , we ‚Äô ll make him call back .
Im at Gusto . I have a long time to kill till class at night !
What people in ‚óã ‚óã area think is the range of contamination
The earliest moment is when you think it's too late .
„Äê I watched TV late last night , and I didn't get enough sleep . „Äë
" make a donation for charity "
Story of the happiest for the least fortunate man .
Wise saying : A company may collapse . Don't carry out only imitation of people . ( Soichiro ...
Mandatory philosophy classes in Brazilian schools
Having strong willingness to get happiness , we can be happy .
‚Äù ' Speaking of [ normal human ] , exactly who will be the good role example ? Me ? ' - G -
He's really nice not fake nice like most celebrities
No gorilla is allowed in the back seat of any car .
I wonder if he still plays golf
but
Shall we dance AWA-ODORI ?
yes . I experiment for my lab in the graduate school . Btw , I wanna go to bed .
I have only 10 yen .
Records are very impressive story I found the HP's recommended .
Happy new year to all of Sendai ! ! !
OMG ! ! JJ almost cry ! ! ! His eyes full of tear
We're sorry for the inconvenience , but this is a revolution .
„Äå 1000 years of war in 5 minutes „Äç
UNIQLO seem to fold seven clothes during one minute .
Please be informed
Having the same sense of values is important .
I am dedicating my 500 tweet to Matsumoto fukutaichou keep up the hard work
We will soon arrive at tokyo terminal.Thank you for traveling with us .
That red car is the most expensive of these ten cars .
My music is my life , but you're my heart
How pretty you are
CASIO
The most important thing is to enjoy your life ... to be happy , it's all that matters .
I'll definitely return the favor in the future ! Please wait until then !
Look at KiSeop's hair .. slightly shaved at the back ~ http://t.c ...
Watching Avatar . Is the story about cowboy taking native american's land ?
Even English is worthless if you have nothing to say .
Beef from Denmark's wading sea cows gets protected status
His music often carried a political message .
‚Äú Today , I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth . ‚Äù
to slap hard
Ever since I came back to Japan I've been gaining 1 kg every week .
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world . It is 10 times more effective
I printed the photograph on the envelope . :D
A : What day is it today ? B : It's Friday .
gt ; > - - Bravo - 8 here . Have our aircraft neutralize those c
a student of this school
First picture of the Sony NEX-F 3 leaks
Good Morning ELF ! !
My mother loved sons - Haruno Hinako
It's so windy , today ! And so cold ... but it maybe first spring storm in Tokyo ?
in music , a piece of music that is composed for three singers to sing three parts , called a trio
japan earthquake emergency alarm
„Äå I just shot him in the face . Oops ! „Äç
You look like happy too .
i can't focus my attention on studying .
JMA says it's evaluating possibility of #tsunami reaching #Japan but no alert issued .
The best way to be happy is to make people happy around you .
The wind's sound is sooooo " cool " , so I'm very scared ‚Ä¶
Came in because of the charming voice ‚ô™
Tea should be ready .
within the reach of ÔΩû
Midnight downpour , Morning in a driving rain .
freaking happy as hell right now ! ! !
Most men cannot reach orgasm more than once
Sorry , I gotta get going . I have a meeting at 5 .
Why are you studying Japanese ?
Carbonic acid without alcohol of the sake . Delicious .
The most silly and cool cat videos in the worl ‚Ä¶
Beauty is only skin deep
Generally , people have a wedding party after their wedding ceremony in Japan .
I am broadcasting live at http://t.co/dTMxGMqx come and check it out !
- Dance of many - Ôºà
Airtel partners with HP to offer cloud services to SMEs ( India , USA )
Have you voted today ? If you don't vote , you can't complain about politicians later .
( money is the root of all evil )
Korean rape history
I work part-time .
Next Monday we'll have plunged into the war for two weeks .
Happy Birthday
BBC News - Japan bluefin tuna fetches record $ 1.7 m
OFFICIAL : There won't a ban against Zlatan because of his " slap " against Storari
my rain shoes.new one
How many hats have you knitted so far ?
It's been 50 years now , since they drove me out of here ...
My favorite Mont-Thabor ‚Äô s Hokkaido milk bread
Night view of winter .
dude just thought I was born in the 90s .
I'm not going to knitting . I'm not going to watching
My BF will cook Beef Pho with herb which carried from Thai .
Hi . My name is Harumi . I want male genitals .
Are you using it the wrong way ?
Ôºà We'll never say good-bye Ôºâ
I don't care about anything ! !
iOS 5 is not stable in a couple of days . Is that happened on the only mine ?
„Äê Hearing-impaired students receive instruction in sign language . „Äë
Having strong willingness to get happiness , we can be happy .
Tamagawa river covered with snow
Today's Japan is " Shichi-Go-San " . Festival for children of seven , five , and three years of age . Day to celebrate growth of child .
The Bible of the devil
new haircut & colour . me doin a one piece marathon has nothing to do w / it ofc !
We eat three meals a day .
Okay , let's just calm down .
The real reason announced for why the iPhone 5 has a longer screen .
face to face
doesn't feel like a Saturday at allll
My flight has been delayed due to heavy snow ! ! ! Seems unable to go to work tmr ! ! !
„Äê The party planned on this weekend has been called off . „Äë
„Äê You are a permanent fixture on the dean's list . „Äë
He's not my anything .
today i feel so happy
Happy birthday to you
Because of headache , I don't feel like listening to music ...
Fry me to the Moon ...
„Äî English „Äï My mistress , Would you give me golden shower please ?
Is it hot to do knitting
Nick sustained an erection during the training period ,
This new technology makes it possible to keep a backup copy of your fart .
An uncanny number of fire trucks were in Harajuku.What ?
Retro game preservation committee
The small light is so far I can ‚Äô t see it ,
Cry more the dreamer Cry for the future
Kamui is very fast ! ! ! He will be the winner :)
tears of the polestar
It's too late .
happy birthday to you
I'm going to be myself .
She is afraid of the new vacuum cleaner .
‚Üí Have you ever tried Japanese food ?
I'll just heat up some leftovers for dinner .
" If he doesn't come tomorrow , I will do the work . "
Ôºà Sense of impending crisis Ôºâ
Thank you for the seitansai ! The flowers are lovely to ‚Ä¶
Topping for Home-made Scones : " Persimmon Jam " with Whipped Cream tatse the autumn Ôºä
KICKS and Chicks
Tehran to host Mideast ‚Äô s biggest finance industry fair
Iran car explosion ' kills nuclear scientist ' in Tehran
Dog portrait photography by
In the weightlessness of space a frozen pea will explode if it comes
It ‚Äô s strange , but I defnitely can ‚Äô t hit a woman no matter what .
we lobe each other
Let ‚Äô s go to bed early today ! ! ( T . T ) Had fun to ‚Ä¶
A negative thing does not bring about diff ‚Ä¶
Welcome to the new world
I have been learning English for six years , but I wonder what I am learning it for .
Your male power is high
Might as well get my work day started I guess ... With a big fat nap break in between ! ‚òº Íí∞ ‡πë Àü ‚ñµ Àü ‡πë Íí±
You are always passing the back to someone . You have no excuse for that .
Iran-Iraq border region
Changmin just couldn't stop laughing , even as they were leaving
Happy Birthday , sweetie ! !
I borrowed this book from The Japan Foundation Library . Excited to learn !
Spring landscape with tree and white flowers
It is broadcast with 2012AXCR ! Number No . 3 " Takuma Aoki " driving .
As athletics will start tomorrow in London , I will start packing up !
Worked all day from Monday to Wednesday without stop . For those whom I haven't replied , I will after tomorrow .
Although 3rd period is being carried out
I've never seen such a wonderful person like you .
> > - - We're in enemy air space . There's minimal chance of rescue if
1 ) I am itchy . 2 ) I have a rash . 3 ) I have severe muscular pain .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
